Why AngularJS
	HTML is great for declaring static documents, but it falters when we try to use it for declaring dynamic views in 
	web-applications.AngularJS lets you extend HTML vocabulary for your application. The resulting environment is extraordinarily
	expressive, readable,and quick to develop.
	
Alternatives
	Other frameworks deal with HTML’s shortcomings by either abstracting away HTML, CSS, and/or JavaScript or by providing an 
	imperative way for manipulating the DOM. Neither of these address the root problem that HTML was not designed for dynamic views.

Extensibility
	AngularJS is a toolset for building the framework most suited to your application development. It is fully extensible and 
	works well with other libraries. Every feature can be modified or replaced to suit your unique development workflow and 
	feature needs. Read on to find out how.
	
	ADDING SOME CONTROLS
Data Binding
	Data-binding is an automatic way of updating the view whenever the model changes, as well as updating the model whenever the 
	view changes. This is awesome because it eliminates DOM manipulation from the list of things you have to worry about.

Controller
	Controllers are the behavior behind the DOM elements. AngularJS lets you express the behavior in a clean readable form without 
	the usual boilerplate of updating the DOM, registering callbacks or watching model changes.
	
Plain Javascript
	Unlike other frameworks, there is no need to inherit from proprietary types in order to wrap the model in accessors methods. 
	AngularJS models are plain old JavaScript objects. This makes your code easy to test, maintain, reuse, and again free from boilerplate.

		CREATING COMPONENTS
Directives
	Directives are a unique and powerful feature available in AngularJS. Directives let you invent new HTML syntax, specific 
	to your application.
	
Reusable COMPONENTS
	We use directives to create reusable components. A component allows you to hide complex DOM structure, CSS, and behavior. 
	This lets you focus either on what the application does or how the application looks separately

Localization
	An important part of serious apps is localization. AngularJS's locale aware filters and stemming directives give you 
	building blocks to make your application available in all locales.